[docs] update security realm guide and configurations (#548)
b2ihealthcare/snow-owl: docs/setup/security/index.md

# Configuring security in Snow Owl

Snow Owl security features enable you to easily secure your terminology server. You can password-protect your data as well as implement more advanced security measures such as role-based access control and auditing.

## Realms

By default Snow Owl comes without any security features enabled and all read and write operations are unprotected.
To configure a security realm, you can choose from the following built-in identity providers:

* [Configure a file realm](./file.md)
* [Configure an LDAP realm](./ldap.md)

## Authentication

After configuring at least one security realm, Snow Owl will authenticate all incoming requests to ensure that the sender of the request is allowed to access the terminology server and its contents.
To authenticate a request, the client must send an HTTP `Basic` or `Bearer` Authorization header with the request.

> The value should be a user/pass pair in case of using `Basic` authentication or a [JWT](https://jwt.io/) token generated by the Snow Owl if using the `Bearer` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value should be a user/pass pair in case of using `Basic` authentication or a [JWT](https://jwt.io/) token generated by Snow Owl if using the `Bearer` method.
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> NOTE: It is recommended in production environments that all communications between a client and Snow Owl is performed through a secure connection. 

Reviewer: I think this needs the singular form:

```suggestion
NOTE: It is recommended in production environments that all communication between a client and Snow Owl is performed through a secure connection. 
```

{% endhint %}

> Snow Owl responds back with an `HTTP 401 Unauthorized` response if the request needs to be authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snow Owl sends an `HTTP 401 Unauthorized` response if a request needs to be authenticated.
```

## Authorization

> After successful authentication and if supported by the selected security realm, Snow Owl will check whether the user can access the resource based on the roles and permissions set in the current security realms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If supported by the security realm, Snow Owl will also check whether an authenticated user is permitted to perform the requested action on a given resource.
```

Within an organization, roles are created for various job functions. The permissions to perform certain operations are assigned to specific roles. Members or staff (or other system users) are assigned particular roles, and through those role assignments acquire the permissions needed to perform particular system functions. Since users are not assigned permissions directly, but only acquire them through their role (or roles), management of individual user rights becomes a matter of simply assigning appropriate roles to the user's account; this simplifies common operations, such as adding a user, or changing a user's department.

### Rules

Role assignment: A subject can exercise a permission only if the subject has selected or been assigned a role.

> Permission authorization: A subject can exercise a permission only if the permission is authorized for the subject's active role. With rules 1 and 2, this rule ensures that users can exercise only permissions for which they are authorized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Role assignment: A subject can exercise a permission only if the subject has selected or been assigned a role.
2. Permission authorization: A subject can exercise a permission only if the permission is authorized for the subject's active role.

With rules 1 and 2, it is ensured that users can exercise only permissions for which they are authorized.
```

S = Subject = A person or automated agent
R = Role = Job function or title which defines an authority level
P = Permissions = An approval of a mode of access to a resource

### Permissions

> In Snow Owl a permission is a single value that represents both the operation of the user would like to perform and the resource that is being accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Snow Owl a permission is a single value that represents both the operation the user would like to perform and the resource that is being accessed.
```

To configure a security realm, you can choose from the following built-in identity providers:

* [Configure a file realm](./file.md)
* [Configure an LDAP realm](./ldap.md)

## Authentication

After configuring at least one security realm, Snow Owl will authenticate all incoming requests to ensure that the sender of the request is allowed to access the terminology server and its contents.
To authenticate a request, the client must send an HTTP `Basic` or `Bearer` Authorization header with the request.
The value should be a user/pass pair in case of using `Basic` authentication or a [JWT](https://jwt.io/) token generated by Snow Owl if using the `Bearer` method.

{% hint style="info" %}
NOTE: It is recommended in production environments that all communication between a client and Snow Owl is performed through a secure connection. 
{% endhint %}

Snow Owl sends an `HTTP 401 Unauthorized` response if a request needs to be authenticated.

## Authorization

If supported by the security realm, Snow Owl will also check whether an authenticated user is permitted to perform the requested action on a given resource.

> Within an organization, roles are created for various job functions. The permissions to perform certain operations are assigned to specific roles. Members or staff (or other system users) are assigned particular roles, and through those role assignments acquire the permissions needed to perform particular system functions. Since users are not assigned permissions directly, but only acquire them through their role (or roles), management of individual user rights becomes a matter of simply assigning appropriate roles to the user's account; this simplifies common operations, such as adding a user, or changing a user's department.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within an organization, roles are created for various job functions. The permissions to perform certain operations are assigned to specific roles. Members, staff or other system users are assigned particular roles, and through those role assignments acquire the permissions needed to perform particular system functions. Since users are not assigned permissions directly, but only acquire them through their role (or roles), management of individual user rights becomes a matter of simply assigning appropriate roles to the user's account; this simplifies common operations, such as adding a user, or changing a user's department.
```

Reviewer 2: This part changed only: Members or staff (or other system users)
